Doc 4172 version links added (#704)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.9/enterprise/node/operating/monitoring-and-logging/overview.md

weight: 5
---

> Corda nodes use [log4j2 asynchronous logging](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/async.html) to ensure that log message flushing is not slowing down node processing. Log4j2 is configured via a log4j2 properties file in the node resources. The configuration file can be taken from the `config/dev` folder in [Corda Community Edition repository](https://github.com/corda/corda). By default, the node log files are stored to the `logs` subdirectory of the working node directory. You can print logs to the console using the `--log-to-console` command line flag when starting the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Corda nodes use [log4j2 asynchronous logging](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/async.html) to ensure that log message flushing is not slowing down node processing. Log4j2 is configured via a log4j2 properties file in the node resources. You can get the configuration file from the `config/dev` folder in [Corda Community Edition repository](https://github.com/corda/corda). By default, the node log files are stored to the `logs` subdirectory of the working node directory. You can print logs to the console using the `--log-to-console` command line flag when starting the node.
```
